---
title: "Top ten shrugs for woman in India"
date: 2020-05-31T14:46:10+06:00
description: "This is meta description"
type: "post"
image: "images/shrug/shrug.jpg"
categories: 
  - "Dress"
tags:
  - "Fashion"
  - "Shrugs"
---

Do you guys have shrugs?? I know you have many..Do you know I have also 12
types of shrugs in my wardrobe.!! Shrugs have one very special thing and that
is its variety.!! I mean you can wear it in summer as well as winter and in any
season. Waaw!!! Sounds so good !!! We have lots of dresses but we can't wear
that piece in every particular season even after we wanted to wear that one but
this is the dress you can fashion it in every season whenever you want to. All
my shrugs are from Myntra, Shein, Amazon, and Flipkart which I preferred the
most. You can also have some beautiful shrugs like mine so let's not waste time
and I'll give you some interesting eye-catchy varieties of shrugs. All shrugs
are under 600- 2000 rupees. Very much affordable. Let's start. 

* **OPEN FRONT SHRUG** 

Most popular and most usable shrug in India in my point of view because of its
simplicity. There are thousands of designs in this type of shrugs. Floral
printed, striped, longline, self-designed etc.etc. It gives a very classy and
smart look. You can wear this shrug with jeans and a simple top and put it over
your top and feel the magic. Your whole look will be converted into simple to
eye-catchy. So don't want to have it. Just go for it. 

* **LONGLINE SHIRT SHRUG**

What to say!!! This shrug is like a booster. You are in love with its first
look. It has a shirt collar, long sleeve, flared hem, slit detail, button
placket, the material is super good, polyester. You can wear this shrug with
high waist jeans and crop top and after wearing this shrug please let me know
how much attention will you grab from the people. I will wait for your
comments. 

* **WATERFALL SHRUG**

If you guys are college girls then I'm telling you this is the best shrug for
you. Very feminine, stylish, very elegant. It gives a very funky twist to
knitwear. Three  quarter sleeve, dipped hem, checked design. You will look best
when worn this shrug with a races back tee and skinny fit faded jeans. Very
much affordable so try this look and collect lots of compliments.

* **TIE UP SHRUG**

Describing this shrug I have a smile on my face. You know why!!??? Because of
its traditional look. We tried so many modern dresses but without tradition,
there is nothing existed. This tie-up shrug is very very beautiful and cute. It
looks ok and design and fashion everything is exceptional. Not only girls but
unmarried women even married women also try this with Kurti salwar Pajama as
well. Besides that, you can also pair it with the tank top, denim and Canvas
trainers. Try this one and let me know about your experience.

* **DENIM SHORT SHRUG**

Many among us will not really comfortable with long shrug every time. So for
them nothing to worry about!!! There are so many varieties of medium and short
shrugs. One of them is Denim short shrug. It has an open front with rivet
detailing along the placket, long sleeves or three-quarter sleeves. Varieties
of colors and designs are available in this type of shrugs. Good for college
wearing. Revamp your casual wear wardrobe with this stylish shrug. You can pair
it with skinny jeans and a camisole. You will look cute in this. So check it
out. 


* **SOLID LAPEL SHRUG**

Smartest shrug ever. Highly recommended this one. Not too much designed, quite
simple but  its look is killer trust me. It is sleeveless, straight hem,
polyester material is superb and gives you a luxurious look. You can style it
in multiple ways. Wrap it and tie it with a belt to the waist side. Put it over
tank tops and skinny jeans or faded Denim or any type of skinny pants for the
maximum eye-catchy look. Try this one and you will ready to go for a perfect
party or dinner date. 


* **LAYERED SHRUG**

Most classy, simple and fabulous shrug for light summer; when the weather is
not too much hot enough. It is navy blue woven layered shrug. It has an open
front, long sleeves, vented hem. Material is good, polyester and its quality is
also very nice. This shrug is ultra-feminine, super gorgeous, and super
stylish. Its extra layered  part gives you a damn smart look. Pair it with the
tee or any kind of jeans or dress and for the perfect ensemble. So don't waste
time. Just go for it. 

* **PATTERNED SHRUG**

Now coming up to the winter styles. This type of shrug you can style it up in
the winter season. Make a beautiful glam looks in this outfit. It has a round
neck, long sleeves, black-bordered pockets, open front design. Its
sophisticated color gives you are smart and beautiful look. We just want to
look beautiful in every season right??!!! So just have it for your winter
style. Pair it with black jeans and skinny top and your perfect look is ready
for any outings or parties or wherever you wanna go. 


* **EMBELLISHED SHRUG**

This shrug adds a touch of elegance to your outfit. You can wear this shrug in
smoggy weather for light cold weather. It has black solid from with embellished
detail, long sleeves, straight hem. Quality is superb to wear in light of cold
weather. It's embellished look gives a shiny bright touch. Varieties of colors
are available. Match it over a slinky black dress with stilettos or a black or
white top and you will burn it up, guys. Go ahead and definitely try this one. 



* **PONCHO SHRUG**

Lastly, my favorite winter style shrug; is a poncho shrug. Looks very much hot,
gorgeous, and outstanding. It has tasseled detail, asymmetric hem,
three-quarter sleeves, woolen collar. Softy soft material, quality is
mind-blowing. Its woolen collar adds a touch of elegance and smarty look for
your outfit. Distinctly youthful and feminine. Its white color gives a killer
look, guys. My favorite best-recommended shrug. Pair it with jeans and any
color of tops or a skirt or a woolen dress whatever you wanna wear. And you
have to tell me what will happen next. Just go and buy this one. If you wanna
know about any kind of dresses please follow me on Instagram and Facebook and
ask any of your doubts there!!!  I'll definitely help you out. Thank you.





